
 on the sign in Page the face ID still isn't working we need to fix that AI is still not identifying text on prescription 4 forms so please fix that because it needs to identify patients name doctors name shade tooth number and any other instructions written by the doctor. Once AI determines the doctor's name the patients name the case type the due date the tooth the shade and the notes it needs to auto populate these fields in the designated section.

 Once the user has selected new case and the Camera populates please give an option that says capture document and an option that says capture photo. If they select capture document AI needs to scan the document for all the pertinent information like doctor's name patients name restoration type shade tooth number date due and any other notes documented by the client.  Once they capture a document have a option populate that says capture all and an option that says capture photo and an option that says finished. If they select capture all the camera will allow them to continue to take pictures of documents.  If the initial option of capture photo is selected follow the same order asking them giving them an option to scan all after the first picture and then if they select yes they are allowed to continue to take pictures without interruption and once they're done taking pictures there's a button that says complete

The drop down box under doctor name needs to include a button that says add new it also needs to display the add new button if the user types in the doctor name in the search field and nothing populates. Once the user selects a doctor any patient that is known to be associated as a patient of that doctor and the doctor's unique identifying number Will populate in the drop down box under patient name. No patient shall auto populate in the patient name drop down box unless the patient has been previously assigned to that doctor through a new case entry from the past.  

Once the user selects the patient on file the user will continue with the new case entry and if it's determined that the tooth indicator and the case type match the previous case on the file a box will auto populate indicating This appears to be a remake Can you confirm with an option yes or no. If they select no they will continue with the new case entry as usual if they select yes a box will populate that says “recharge?” with an option that says yes or no.  if they select no the new case entry goes on normally if they select yes a box populates that says “remake reason?” with options to select that say shade change, material change, prep change, old case not returned, previous case was past 30 days , admin approval and other.  If they select shade change a box populates that says from shade blank to shade blank if they select other a text window opens to explain the reason for recharge.  Once completed the remake reason will auto populate in the case notes and the user will complete the new case entry.  
Once the print label section of the new case entry is complete and the label is printed the users should be taken to a “case history” screen with that patient's entire history displayed Including the most recent new case entered In chronological order with the date entries to the left.  Each case will be separated by the initial intake scan with an arrow Dropbox option to expand on each case entry for that particular case.

Remove the lab status active cases window from any user other than admin users
When entering a new case a new invoice number should be generated increasing the previous invoice number last entered by 1. The invoice number should start out with the last two digits of the year followed by a unique invoice number. For example if you enter John doe as the first patient ever entered for the year 2026 his invoice number will be 26-1. The next patient entered will be 26-2 and so on and so forth.


When viewing case previews in the search cases screen the case is identified by a invoice number but it needs to be identified with the patients name instead the invoice number of the patient can go to the right of the patients name

have ai respond to case inquiries incoming from clients using the information within the app up to and including asking for the patients name. Once they give them the patients name ai will tell them when the case was received and which station the case is currently in.   If the case is currently in QC or complete location AI will indicate the case should be delivered soon. AI will then ask the user client if they would like to message a technician directly. If they say yes AI will alert us with a push notification in the alert section and an audible alarm indicating a client wishes to speak with a lab technician directly.

Only give alert Notifications  when a message is sent to us bypassing the AI automated response system.

Remove from location options , wax up, invest, cast,  finish,  glaze

Please use the following chart and hyperlink for reference to replace the existing chart In the new K section under tooth indicator but keep all the interactive aspects in place.  

https://www.medicalgraphics.de/en/product/tooth-scheme-american-ada/


 

The users initials need to be next to the case if they enter that case and they need to have their initials next to the activity log entry if they made the log entry.

Remove the status section under the profile that says working and left for the day and leave the status that says taking a break and add a status that says out of office the back soon.

Remove the profile icon button at the bottom of the main page

Under the profile tab remove the active role section and system section add a section that says credentials

Move the chat icon to the top right of the main page and have it appear on every page in the app

under the settings tab give an option for dark mode And an option to set company logo as background if they select this option they should be navigated to File Explorer so they can select the company logo


