Alright on the create account screen for providers where it says join a group it prompts the user to enter an admins username to request to join their group where it says admins username it should say lab name and in the sentence that says enter an admins username to request to join their group you should say enter a lab name to establish your connection


under the messaging window it prompts you to select who you want to message but it doesn't do anything after that and it only allows you to start entering a text once you hit the X at the top right corner to back out of the screen. It needs to be a lot like Facebook Messenger where you select someone you want to chat with and then you are immediately able to chat with that person. You can also see if that person is online currently. You can also see if that person has read your text and you should be able to send pictures and video just like Facebook Messenger

also in the messaging window the name goes away once you select the name and nothing happens. Then when you try to exit messenger it prompts you to enter a text but the text doesn't appear to be going anywhere please fix this. Once again make it very similar if not identical to Facebook Messenger


when a lab enters a new case and selects the provider it does not show up on the providers portal as an active case on the main page it only shows up when the provider selects the cases icon at the bottom of their screen. It also showing cases the lab never entered for that provider. Please fix this under the settings menu for the provider admin it says create groups let's get rid of that and make it a drop down menu for labs that they are connected with also in the provider admin settings let's add a dark mode feature and any other features you think would be good for this menu when entering a new case there are several buttons at the bottom including adding a picture adding a note attaching a file adding an item in a courtesy text but there's no locate button. The user of the lab needs to be able to locate an individual case through this button as well as being able to enter multiple cases through the batch scan button in the main page. Also when the lab user is adding a picture to a case they should also have the option to add video

when adding an item to a case under select case type please add a button that says other. Also when I tested this and selected a case type a small window at the bottom popped up that said select teeth but I wasn't able to engage with it. For example, I should be able to select add item, then restorative, then select the tooth number then I should be prompted to add a shade and any other notes.  Once I add an item it should be added to the invoice based on that providers pricing tier.  Once the add item action is complete it should also  display in the case history just like all of the other entries.  Also when I added an item it changed the original material for that case. So the case was originally a zirconia crown but then I tried to add an item ortho retainer and it changed the item material to ortho retainer. What should happen is instead of changing the material it should add to the case an ortho retainer appliance underneath the original zirconia entry

under the clients menu in lab admin the most recent clients should display at the top

under the lab administrator portal the edit clients price list should be in the edit client drop down menu and the lab admin should be able to give that client special individual prices or select from the prefabricated price tearing system or a mixture of both.

Under the provider portal cases screen displayed after selecting the cases button at the bottom of the main screen there are cases that were not assigned to that account please fix this

I'm not sure if this is because it's in its beta version but I keep getting an invalid username or password  error message every time I try to log in under a username and password I've created recently. Please fix this 
