When adding a new case the user needs to be prompted to attach bar code to the case immediately after the label is printed. This bar code will be attached to the case until the case is located as completed. Once the case is located completed the bar code will be unassigned until a new case is scanned to that bar code

under the search case Screen TV user should have a button available that they can select that says use barcode to locate case and when they select that button the barcode reader opens once the barcode is selected the user is taken to that cases screen

  add a button on the main page that says batch locate.  when the user selects this button a bar code reader through the camera opens up. This bar code reader should read multiple bar codes that are assigned to multiple cases once all barcodes are scanned the user presses a button that says finish scanning and then is directed to a page that says where would you like to locate these cases with a list of all available locations

When I'm signed in as a dental provider I'm able to see several active cases for other Dental providers. I should only be able to see active and completed cases for me.  So when a laboratory assigns a case to my dental provider account using the doctor's name that case should populate in the dental providers searchable cases. The dental provider should be able to see all of their active cases and completed cases.  Please fix this

also under the provider portal there is no settings menu that allows the user to sign out or change password or change profile picture. Please fix this

also under the provider portal the provider is not able to chat with the lab because there's no chat icon at the top right corner. Please fix this

also under the provider portal settings menu there's no option for admin. Please fix this

under the provider portal settings menu under admin please allow an option to add user, an option to remove user, an option to edit user, And an option to add user to group.  Please  put all of these options in one button that says users

under the provider portal settings menu under admin please make a button that says create a group when the button is selected the user will be prompted to name the group and to add users.  Once the user it's the group all users within that group have access to the clients active and completed cases

under the laboratory portal settings menu under admin please allow an option to add user to group under the user button. Please also allow the user to add a group with a button once they select the button the user will be prompted to name the group and to add users once the user is in the group all users within that group have access to the laboratories information but are excluded from the administrative permissions such as sales pricing active cases etc
